if I take a difficult assignment, for example, out of the country family,
friends, uh, peers, um, they will be affected. Um, in all types
of ways, um, some could be positive, and some could be negative. One
of the great things about, uh, technology is that we're able to, uh,
see people on our phones now, um, using facetime. Um, there are Google
networks that allow you to, uh, talk and not be charged for using
their streaming, uh, accesses. Um, while it will be difficult. Um,
even for you, if you were to move out of the country, your friends
and family will be affected, Um, in good and bad ways. Um, but I believe
it's how you handle it and how you deal with it that will help
them get through, um, any concerns or questions they may have with
you moving out of the country or to a place where you may not be able
to take your family